Set primary deployment replicas when autoscaler isn't used (#1106)
fluxcd/flagger: docs/gitbook/faq.md

        timestamp: "2020-03-10T14:24:48+0000"
```

#### How to change replicas for a deployment when not using HPA

> 
> To change replicas for a deployment when not using hpa, you have to update the canary deployment with the desired replica
> count and trigger another analysis by annotating the template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To change replicas for a deployment when not using HPA, you have to update the canary deployment with the desired replica count and trigger an analysis by annotating the template. After the analysis finishes, Flagger will promote the `spec.replicas` changes to the primary deployment.
```
